V5.33 documentation (#4393)
mattermost/docs: source/administration/changelog.md

 - Added a new ``GET /api/v4/cloud/subscription/limitreached/invite`` API endpoint.
 - Added new ``PUT /api/v4/users/<id>/status/custom``, ``DELETE /api/v4/users/<id>/status/custom``, and ``DELETE /api/v4/users/<id>/status/custom/recent`` API endpoints.
 - The ``/api/v4/users/me/auth`` API endpoint can no longer be used to change passwords. This was a hidden feature that was not documented, but was nevertheless possible. We are just removing the hidden feature.
 - Updated ``/users/{user_id}/teams/{team_id}/threads`` API to support ``unread=true`` query parameter.
 - ``/api/v4/users/{user_id}/teams/{team_id}/threads`` API endpoint now accepts "before" and "after" parameters instead of a page index.
 - Removed session required restriction from ``GET api/v4/subscription/stats`` API endpoint.

### Websocket Event Changes
 - Improved the websocket implementation by using epoll to manually read from a websocket connection. As a result, the number of goroutines is expected to go down by half. This implementation is only available on Linux and FreeBSD-based distributions.
 - ``UserUpdate`` WebSocket Event is now broadcast by two more APIs, ``plugin.UpdateUser`` and ``ConvertBotToUser``.

> ### Known Issues

Reviewer: Incredibly minor nit: there's inconsistency with where we place sentence-ending periods for known issues. In some sections, they're added at the end of the natural sentence, and in others, the period is added after the Jira ticket link.

 - Config.json can reset when running the command ``systemctl restart mattermost`` and when running any commands that write to the config (e.g. ``config`` or ``plugin``) [MM-33752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33752), [MM-32390](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32390).
 - The server tries to install E20-required plugins on non-E20 installations [MM-32387](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32387).

>  - Adding an at-mention at the start of a post draft and pressing the leftwards or rightwards arrow can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Adding an at-mention at the start of a post draft, then pressing the left or right arrow can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).
```

 - Added a new ``Shared`` column to the ``Channels`` table.

### Known Issues

>  - Config.json can reset when running the command ``systemctl restart mattermost`` and when running any commands that write to the config (e.g. ``config`` or ``plugin``) [MM-33752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33752), [MM-32390](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32390).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Config.json can reset when running the command ``systemctl restart mattermost``, and when running any commands that write to the config (e.g. ``config`` or ``plugin``) [MM-33752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33752), [MM-32390](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32390).
```

 - The server tries to install E20 required plugins on non-E20 installations. [MM-32387](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32387)
 - Some known issues related to the new channel sidebar, such as that the team icon on-click animation is laggy. [MM-32198](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-11820)

>  - Adding an at-mention at the start of a post draft and pressing the leftwards or rightwards arrow can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Adding an at-mention at the start of a post draft, then pressing the left or right arrow can clear the post draft and the undo history [MM-33823](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33823).
```

 
### Known Issues
 - The Database Schema Version is displayed as 5.30.0 in the About Mattermost modal.

>  - Config.json can reset when running the command ``systemctl restart mattermost`` and when running any commands that write to the config (e.g. ``config`` or ``plugin``) [MM-33752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33752), [MM-32390](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32390).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Config.json can reset when running the command ``systemctl restart mattermost``, and when running any commands that write to the config (e.g. ``config`` or ``plugin``) [MM-33752](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-33752), [MM-32390](https://mattermost.atlassian.net/browse/MM-32390).
```
